
JG Wiki	
Home
Welcome to War Week 2022
#war_week_2022
Sunday February 27,2022 thru Friday March 4, 2022
This year War Week is back to an in person format. Based on the RSVP responses we are looking at a great showing with 20 True Remotes coming in for the event plus a lot of HQ resources that have been remote due to Covid. That means we will be setting records for the number of people working from JGHQ at one time. Preparations are under way and things are shaping up for another incredible week. 

There were three common themes in the War Week feedback we received from the team:

The things people love most about War Week are making connections, team meals and doing projects. We have updated this years format with a stronger emphasis on those three things.

The most common negative was that things can be overwhelming at times and it is hard to take part in all the great stuff. To address that we will be kicking off some contests and events BEFORE War Week. We are also working to consolidate communication. Lastly, we are focusing on fewer, higher impact events. 

A lot of people also mentioned the challenges of balancing War Week and their actual project work. This year we have kept mornings and afternoons free of events so you can hopefully focus on getting your work done and being able to fully enjoy the evening activities. 

For the first time the company will be split in half with Cobra Kai competing against Miyagi-Do. Team points will be awarded for each event with prizes and awards given out during closing ceremonies and after hours on Friday. 

WAR WEEK FAQS
Where do I find information about War Week?

Pretty much everything you need to know can be found on this page: schedule, meals, events and challenges. You should also follow #war_week_2022 on Slack and check out the JG Calendar.

How do I record War Week time in Tense?

Billable project work and learning time are recorded the same as always. If it does not fit under either of those you can use JG - Admin. Nonsense goes under JG  - Team Building. You should record all JG / War Week related time this week.  

I have some great pics and videos. Where do I put them?

Post your War Week media content to THIS FOLDER for our DDM Jet Breuer to curate. Please self select the content you put there (Don't post 24 photos of the same thing one second apart). If you're posting directly to social media, use the hashtag #jgwarweek2022 so we can keep tabs on what's going on!

What are the awards at this year's War Week?

Each event listed in the sections below will have individual winners and will count towards the Cobra Kai vs. Miyagi-Do challenge. Winners will be eligible for cash, prizes and contests during closing ceremonies on Friday. We will also have five formal awards:

Midnight Club - For those who kick off their week on Sunday at 12:01 AM and work straight through until at least noon (12 hours). 

Four Score Club - For those who go over 80 hours total for the week.

Centurion Club - For the maniacs that go over 100 hours. 

War Week MVP - Since we just did EOY Core Value Awards we are going back to a straight MVP vote for War Week. There will be nominations to determine the finalist and a live vote during closing ceremonies. 

Billable Hours Champ - It wouldn't be War Week if we didn't honor the Top 3 people on the grind. 

When are the hours cut offs this year?

The billable hours cutoff (for the Billable Hours Champ Award) is Thursday at midnight. This gives us an even cut off and allows contestants to focus on having some fun on Friday. It also helps make sure we have time to make it official at Closing Ceremonies. The over all hours cutoff is Friday at midnight. If you are staying late Friday you can enter projected hours for that evening in advance so they count towards your overall total. 


Are we allowed to have guests at War Week? 

Yes and no. Sunday is a great day for guests, specifically the War Week Kids event. Closing ceremonies and after hours on Friday are also a great time to bring in friends and family. On weekdays please limit guests to lunch time and after hours. Mornings and afternoons are dedicated work periods and we are going to be at max capacity during the day so guests will be difficult. See Jason with questions. 

Is there a checklist of what I need to do to prepare for War Week?

Pretty much everything you need to know is listed below but here are a few key items:

If you will be at JGHQ, you must fill out the War Week Meal Survey.

If you are remote and traveling in, please coordinate travel plans with Amanda.

Use the links and forms below to sign up for events or reach out to the event coordinator directly. 

WAR WEEK OVERVIEW
Use the overview below to see all War Week events at a glance. You can also consult the Jahnel Group calendar for the full slate of events. 

 🗓 SCHEDULE 🗓
Sunday:

12:01 AM - Midnight Club - Start at midnight and go 12 hours

11:00 AM - War Week Kids hosted by Laura and Ashleigh

2:00 PM - Settlers of Catan Tournament hosted by Tony M

6:00 PM - Magic the Gathering Tournament hosted by Tom O'Neill

Monday:

6:00 AM - Beast Mode Workout w/ Lucier

6:30 PM - JG Ted Talks hosted by Jory Hutchins

8:30 PM - Beer & Cards hosted by Michael Shirk

Tuesday:

6:00 AM - Yoga w/ Lynn Roman

6:30 PM - Block Tuesday, a Blockchain event with Steven Z

Wednesday:

6:00 AM - Beast Mode Workout w/ Lucier

6:00 PM - Tech Deep Dive with Matt Givney

7:00 PM - Code Wars Team Competition hosted by Vic Paredes

Thursday:

6:00 AM - Yoga w/ Lynn Roman

6:30 PM - Scavenger Hunt Finals (Brandon and Christian)

7:00 PM - Rookie and Remote Squid Game (Jason J)

Friday:

6:00 AM - Beast Mode Workout w/ Lucier

10:00 AM - Code Wars Submission Deadline

1:00 PM - Code Wars project demos / release

3:30 PM - Early Dismissal

4:00 PM - Closing Ceremonies

5:00 PM - Open House - Beer & Wings Challenge

6:30 PM - Beer Pong Qualifier

🍴MEALS🍴
Sunday:

Breakfast:	Bagels

Lunch: 		Sandwich Trays

Dinner: 		Pizza

Monday:

Breakfast: 	Overnight Oats

Lunch: 		Italian

Dinner: 		More Italian

Tuesday:

Breakfast: 	Yogurt Parfait Bar

Lunch: 		Food Challenge - Casa Reale vs. Healthy Options

Dinner: 		Screaming Eagle (Eva's food truck)

Wednesday:

Breakfast: 	Oatmeal Bar

Lunch: 		Memphis King

Dinner: 		More Memphis King

Thursday:

Breakfast: 	Chicken and Waffles

Lunch: 		Nine Miles East

Dinner: 		Pizza

Friday:

Breakfast: 	Egg Casserole

Lunch: 		Pot Luck Cook Off

Dinner: 		Beer & Wings Open House


If you will be at JGHQ, please fill out the War Week Meal Survey

🥇 TOURNAMENTS & CHALLENGES 🥇
KICKING OFF BEFORE WAR WEEK:
🖼 Battle of the Memes - Repurpose some of the classics with a JG theme or create your own and submit directly to Brian Mallen. Limit of five entries per person so only send your best. Deadline for submissions is Saturday 2/26 at 11:59 PM. 

		Winner: Tristin Knapp (2nd win in a row)

🧔🏻‍♂ Battle of the Beards - Let's settle this once and for all, who has the best beard at Jahnel Group? To enter, send the pic you want used for voting to engagement@jahnelgroup.com. Deadline for submissions is Sunday 2/27 at 11:59 PM. 

		Winner: Matt Salvatore, will serve as reigning champ until War Week 2023

✏️ War Week Crossword - Tonya and Bruce Sutphin have another great crossword for us, Karate Kid themed of course. UPDATE: The WW22 CROSSWORD is live! Submit your completed entries to Tonya via email. Entries are due Thursday 3/3 at noon. More details HERE. 

		Winner: Team Miyagi-Do, perfect scores from Dan K,  Nadia S and Jason J

🥚 Website Easter Egg Hunt - Brandon and Christian are determined to defeat the team this year with a website challenge that cannot be beaten. Finals will be Thursday of War Week. UPDATE: The challenge is now live! Instructions are available on the >>>WW22 EASTER EGG HUNT FORM<<<  That is also where you submit your entries. Deadline is Sunday 2/27 at 11:59 PM. 

		Winner: Team Miyagi-Do with a majority of finalists

ONGOING DURING THE WEEK:
🚶🏽 Stairs Challenge - Weeklong event, Cobra Kai vs. Miyagi-Do, most total trips wins. Your trips must be entered in the stair tracker app to count. No sand bagging, you have to enter your reps as you go. Cut off is Friday at 2:00 PM. Awards for the the top finishers from the winning team. Join #jg_stair_tracker for further updates.

		Winner: Team Miyagi-Do, Top 3 were Tristin (320), Dani (305), Ashleigh (258), Keller (216) and Jason (208)

🛎 Daily Trivia - Our resident quizmaster Emily Gaito will host a special weeklong War Week edition of trivia. Follow #trivia on Slack to participate.

Winner:  Mallen (1st), Schnack (2nd) and Jason (3rd)

🧩 Wordle - Tonya and Pooja are putting together a contest for Wordle. Join the #wordle Slack channel to participate. Like trivia this will be a week long contest. 

		Winner: Pooja (1st), Bill C (2nd) and Ant (3rd)

♟ Chess Tournament - Grandmaster in training Kyle Gancarz will host this War Week staple. You need to have a chess.com account to participate. Follow #chess on Slack for more details. >>> SIGN UP HERE <<<

		Winner: Solomon (1st), Joe C (2nd) and Dylan Mann (3rd)

🏋️🧘‍♀️ Daily Workouts - Beast Mode workouts with Lucier on M/W/F and Yoga with Lynn Roman on T/TH. No daily prize drawings this year, that was too easy. You have to do all 5 daily workouts to be eligible for prizes at the end of the week. Google meet details in the JG Calendar. Make sure you sign in each day by posting a comment in the chat.

		Winner: Team Cobra Kai by a score of 18 to 10

🥋 Team Gear - Post a pic or video of you, your family, your pets, etc. wearing your Cobra Kai or Miyagi-Do gear to  #war_week_2022 on Slack to earn team points. The crazier the better.

		Winner: No official winner, lots of great entries, Jessie Z (Mr. Miyagi) and Brian Mallen (outfit per day) get a special shout out

COMPETITIONS & EVENTS DURING THE WEEK:
🐑 SUN - Settlers of Catan Tournament - One of the most coveted trophies for all of War Week gets handed out on the first day in what has become one of the biggest events every year. Contact Tony Mercadante for  details. >>> SIGN UP HERE <<<

		Winner: Tony Mercadante

🧙🏼‍♂️ SUN - Magic the Gathering - Tom O'Neill leads another rendition of this War Week classic through a sealed draft competition.  >>> SIGN UP HERE <<<

		Winner: Solomon (Advanced) and Lucas (Beginner)

🃏 MON - War Week Beer & Cards - Hall of Famer Michael Shirk heads up the competition to determine who is the best player of an ancient card game that the most Michael Shirk thing you have ever seen. >>> SIGN UP HERE <<<

		Winner: Luke P (Advanced) and Eva T (Beginner)

⛓ TUE - Block Tuesday - Steven Z and Ian Ballard will host a Blockchain presentation and Q&A with guest speaker Michael Bastos. The second half of the event will feature a workshop where we will build a well known technology on the blockchain. Suggested reading materials and workshop pre-requisites forthcoming.  

>>> SIGN UP HERE <<< 

>>> REQUIRED READING AND SUGGESTED MATERIALS<<<

		Winner: No event winner

⚔️ WED - Code Wars - This year Code Wars is a team event. Vic Paredes will provide the specs, Matt Givney will provide the technical requirements in his Deep Dive presentation and teams will have until Friday morning at 10:00 AM. to prototype a new application. The winner will be determined by voting in 3 categories: Technical, Design and Popular Vote. The winning team takes the cash and the glory. >>> SIGN UP HERE <<<

		Winner: Velominati - Jacob Coleman, Sean Gibbons, Kevin Holmes, Dan Schuldt (facial recognition on the stairs challenge y'all!)

🥚 THU - Scavenger Hunt Finals - Finalists from the Website Easter Egg Hunt will go head to head at HQ to determine the overall winner. Brandon Badgett will be the emcee. 

		Winner: Sean Warner

🦑 THU - Rookie and Remote Squid Game - If you are a True Remote or this is your first War Week you are eligible for the first ever JG Squid Game. A series of elimination games and events will whittle the group down to one lucky winner who gets $1,000 (Prize subject to increase due to Bud Light) >>> SIGN UP HERE <<<

		Winner: Matt Givney defeated Eva Trimboli in a winner take all Simon death match 

🍴 FRI - Pot Luck Cook Off - We are going to fire up the grills for lunch on Friday for our second food challenge of the week. Bring in your best grilling specialty, side dish or dessert with winners decided by popular vote. We take our food serious at JG so your culinary honor is at stake. Initial sign up is done through the War Week Meal Survey. 

		Winner: We all won based on the incredible spread we had laid out

🍻🍗 FRI - Beer and Wings Challenge - The third and final food challenge of the week will be Beer & Wings. JGers will be bringing in their favorite beer and wing offering in an attempt to determine which are the best. Director of Hoperations Dan Bedian and Wing Expert Tony Mercadante will coordinate. Fill out the War Week Meal Survey to sign up to bring in beer and/or wings. 

		Winner: We all won based on the incredible spread we had laid out

🍻 FRI - Beer Pong Qualifier - A classic War Week event with a little extra on the line. The team that wins the War Week qualifier automatically earns the first of four spots in next year's $10,000 finals. >>> SIGN UP HERE <<<

		Winner: Frat Boys Ian B and Tony M took the top slot earning $1,000 bonus each. They also have a spot in next year's finals. 


WAR WEEK 2022 TEAMS


Cobra Kai
9

5

1

0

0

0

3

0

2

1

3

18

7

3

0

------------------------

49

Event
Midnight Club

Catan (Jory)

Magic Beginner (Lucas)

Magic Advanced (Solomon)

Easter Egg Hunt

Beer & Cards Beginner (Eva)

Beer & Cards Advanced (Luke P)

Crossword

Wordle

Chess (Solomon / Joe C / Dylan)

Squid Games (Matt G)

Daily Workouts

Trivia (Macho / Schnack / JJ)

Billable Hours

Stairs Challenge

------------------------

TOTAL

Miyagi-Do
13

0

0

3

3

1

0

3

4

8

0

10

0

8

12

------------------------

65

TEAM COBRA KAI
Senior Management:

Jason Jahnel 

Darrin Jahnel

TEAM MIYAGI-DO
Senior Management:

Jon Keller

Linda Martin

Steven Zgaljic

TEAM COBRA KAI
Stairs Contenders:

Jason Jahnel (1)

Abby Rivera (7)

Jory Hutchins (8)

Josh Jameson (9)

Matt Spahr (10)

Sean Gibbons (12)

Darrin Jahnel (13)

Laura Jahnel (16)

Ashleigh Mahoney (18)

Chris Pence (21)

Olivia Bowman (22)


TEAM MIYAGI-DO
Stairs Contenders:

Dani Milliken (2)

Dan Schuldt (3)

Ryan Godfrey (4)

Linda Martin (5)

Matt Nesbitt (6)

Emily Gaito (14)

Ant Conway (15)

Tristin Knapp (17)

Isaiah Mori (19)

Ethan Schoen (20)

Tonya Sutphin (24)

Brandon Badgett (25)

TEAM COBRA KAI
Full Roster:

Sean Alderdice

Mollie August

Ian Ballard

Dan Bedian

Matt Bessler

Olivia Bowman

Adam Britten

Joshua Cantor-Stone

Matt Cheung

Jacob Coleman (TR-HQ)

Bill Cresanti

Lucas Culley

Dan Dragon

Luyang Du

Bich Dudla

Kyle Gancarz (TR-HQ)

Sean Gibbons

Matt Givney (TR-HQ)

Zac Harvey (TR)

Peter Hodges (TR)

Kevin Holmes

Cody Husek

Jory Hutchins

Andrew Hyeon

Darrin Jahnel

Jason Jahnel

Laura Jahnel

Josh Jameson

Nick Knapp (TR)

Dan Kollar (TR)

James Kurtak (TR-HQ)

John Lee (TR-HQ)

Brennon Loveless (TR)

Jesse Lucier

Ashleigh Mahoney

Brian Mallen (TR-HQ)

Dylan Mann

Tony Mercadante

James Murphy (TR-HQ)

Nick Nigro

James Novak (TR-HQ)

Tom O'Neill

Janelle Olsen (TR-HQ)

Stacy Olson (TR-HQ)

Akshay Palekar (TR)

Victor Paredes

DJ Patel

Jessica Paull

Chris Pence

Alo Posillico (TR)

Luke Prescott (TR)

Abby Rivera

Ben Sadick

Scott Sargent

Christian Schmidt

Alex Schnackenberg

Nick Seney

Michael Shirk (TR)

Matt Spahr

Maureen Wiseman (TR-HQ)

Michael Young

TEAM MIYAGI-DO
Full Roster:

Lou Ahola

Brandon Badgett

Jet Breuer

Nick Brown

Paul Carnivale

Tim Carter

Jared Coulombe

Ant Conway

Eric Coonradt

Jared D'Aloia

Ryan Frawley (TR)

Emily Gaito

Ryan Godfrey

Ashvin Gokhool

Yogu Gopal (TR)

Mayank Govilla

Greg Greenwald

Evan Guby

James Heffernan

Christian Jahnel

Mike Jung

Dan Kaloustian

Jon Keller

Tristin Knapp

Ryan Lambert

Tony Lombardi (TR-HQ)

Tim Losito

Kevin Lovely (TR)

Pooja Manjeshwar

Linda Martin

Dani Milliken

Isaiah Mori

Solomon Mori (TR-HQ)

Sean Mullen (TR-HQ)

Frank Nardone

Komal Narwekar

Matt Nesbitt

Alex Nikolis

Chris Nyberg (TR-HQ)

Carson O'Neill (TR)

John Paul Justice (TR)

Thom Penningtion (TR)

Zach Phillips-Gary (TR)

Jay Reimers (TR-HQ)

Ethan Schoen

Dan Schuldt

Kari Skinner (TR-HQ)

Bob Strubel

Nadia Suguitan

Tonya Sutphin

Jakub Synowiec (TR-HQ)

Amanda Tran

Mike Treiling

Eva Trimboli

Steven Vickers

Colin Walsh

Chris Warner (TR-HQ)

Sean Warner (TR-HQ)

Greg Westover

Weston Wieser  (TR-HQ)

Steven Zgaljic  (TR-HQ)

Jessie Zweigenthal

TR-HQ = True Remote attending WW at HQ

TR = True Remote (not in attendance) 

Contact Jason or Jessie Z if something is out of whack with the roster

WAR WEEK 2022 TEAM competition ruleS
The winner of the competition between Cobra Kai and Miyagi-Do will be decided by points awarded in the 13 events outlined below. Only competitive events count towards the title. Subjective events based on voting will not count towards the team competition in order to keep them fair and determine the deserving winner free of bias. The team with the most points wins. All event winners are eligible for prizes on Friday night after closing ceremonies.   

*** THE HONOR SYSTEM IS IN EFFECT FOR ALL EVENTS ***
🚶🏽 Stairs Challenge 12 points to the team with the most trips total. You must record your stairs as you do them. No sandbagging. 

🏋️🧘‍♀️ Daily Workouts 1 point for each team member that completes ALL 5 WORKOUTS. You must "sign in" in the chat for each workout.

🕛 Midnight Club 1 point for each team member that goes from midnight to noon on Sunday. You must "sign in" via Slack at both the start and end of midnight club. A thread will be started to kick things off. 

💰 Billable Hours Champs - 5 / 3 / 1 points for 1st, 2nd & 3rd in billable hours. Cut off is Thursday at midnight.. Your hours must be in Tense when the report is run Friday morning. 

♟ Chess Tournament - 5 / 3 / 1 points for 1st, 2nd & 3rd 

🐑 Settlers of Catan - 5 points to the team of the winner

🧙🏼‍♂️ Magic the Gathering - 3 points for the advanced champ, 1 point for the beginner champ 

🃏 War Week Beer & Cards - 3 points for the advanced champ, 1 point for the beginner champ

🦑 Rookie and Remote Squid Game - 3 points to the team of the winner

✏️ War Week Crossword - 3 points to the winning team (individual scores get tallied as a team)

🥚 Website Easter Egg Hunt - 3 points for the team with the most finalists (best of 11), the finals are just for fun / cash 

🛎 Daily Trivia - 3 / 2 / 1 points for 1st, 2nd & 3rd

🧩 Wordle - 3 / 2 / 1 points for 1st, 2nd & 3rd


LinkLinkLinkLink
FacebookInstagramLinkedInVimeoTwitterTikTokYouTube
