
JG Wiki	
Home
Welcome to War Week 2026
#war_week_XI
Sunday February 22, 2026 thru Friday February 27, 2026


WAR WEEK OVERVIEW
 🗓️ SCHEDULE 🗓️
Sunday - The Matrix Has You:

12:01 AM - Black Midnight - Start at midnight and go 12 hours with no nonsense. This is not the usual partying midnight club but also not the "no talking" of Black Tuesday. Get ahead of the week. 

10:00 AM to ??? - Note that various tournament organizers will be hosting qualifiers throughout Sunday. Details to be posted. 

11:00 AM - I Know Kung Fu Learning Symposium Part I - Quick 10-12 minute learning sessions on a variety of topics hosted by various JGers. 

1:00 PM - I Know Kung Fu Learning Symposium Part II - After lunch we will reconvene for a second round of learning sessions.

3:00 PM - 9th Annual Settlers of Catan Tourney hosted by Tony M. We will kick off games as we put groups of players together. If you arrive late you might not get booked into a game. 

Evening Activities - Beer and Cards w/ Shhiiiiirrrrrrrrkkkk! MTG with Tom. 

Monday - Tournament Day:

7:00 AM - BeastMode Workout w/ Lucier

11:00 AM - Headshot Photoshoot w/ Jet

12:00 PM - Electric City Matrix - Day 1

2:00 PM - Guest - KCS (Main Conference Room)

6:00 PM - Tournament Night - Major team points on the line with Pool, Speed Chess, Bouncy Ping Pong, Smash Bros., and Bey Blades Tournaments

Tuesday - Red vs. Blue:

7:00 AM - Stairs Workout

11:00 AM - Headshot Photoshoot (w/ Jet)

12:00 PM - Electric City Matrix - Day 2

6:00 PM - A Glitch in the Matrix Team Challenge

Wednesday - Wellness Wednesday with Dani Milliken:

7:30 AM - Hot Yoga at Studio 4

9:00 AM - Winning the Day Challenge - Complete 10 wellness tasks to help you have the best day possible. 

10:00 AM to 2:00 PM - Massage Sessions - Booking details forthcoming

11:00 AM - Headshot Photoshoot w/ Jet

2:00 PM - Build Your Wellness Bag w/ Dani

5:00 PM - Athena Event (the biggest and best yet?) w/ Emily

5:00 PM - Red vs. Blue Ryder Cup at Mohawk Country Club

Thursday - Rise of the Machines AI Day:

7:30 AM - Hardwired Crossfit Workout

11:00 AM - Headshot Photoshoot w/ Jet

12:00 PM - Service Delivery Community of Practice

6:00 PM - AI Round Table 

Friday - Closing Ceremonies (Guests Welcome):

3:00 PM - Closing Ceremonies

5:00 PM - In Office Paintball Shooting Gallery - Target to include Matrix Cutouts, Lucier (fantasy football loser), War Machine (MAP won the NFL pool) and Joe Alien (If TR4 has the guts to compete against Jason in Bey Blades).

🍴MEALS🍴
If you will be at JGHQ, please fill out the ***MEALS SURVEY HERE ***

Sunday:

Breakfast:	Bagels

Lunch: 		Jersey Mike's Subs

Dinner: 		Chipoltle

Monday:

Breakfast: 	Tasty Wheat (Overnight Oats)

Lunch: 		Connections / Scavenger Lunch Out of Office

Note: 		There will be stuff to eat at HQ if you don't go out

Dinner: 		Ramen Bar

Tuesday:

Breakfast: 	Continental / Yogurt Bar

Lunch: 		Connections / Scavenger Lunch Out of Office

Note: 		There will be stuff to eat at HQ if you don't go out

Dinner: 		Pizza 

Wellness Wednesday:

Breakfast: 	Bowled

Lunch: 		Simone's Kitchen 

Dinner: 		Ladies - 9 Miles East @ Athena Event

Dinner:		Guys - Ryder Cup Golf Buffet

Thursday:

Breakfast: 	Continental / Egg Bake / Random

Lunch: 		Salad Bar / Buffet 

Dinner: 		JG Breakfast Club - Dinner for Breakfast

Friday:

Breakfast: 	Continental / Clear the Decks

Breakfast: 	Coffee Bar

Lunch: 		Grill-fest

Dinner: 		TBD as needed

RED vs. blue Team Competition 


RED TEAM
Ship Captains:

Ashley Schuliger

MAP

Sam Schantz

Ryan Shendler


Crew Members:

Adam Wilson-Hwang

Albert Hernandez (LTI)

Alex Kelly

Alex Nikolis

Andrew Bushey (LTI)

Anthony Conway

Austin Gage

Awad Khawaja

Ben Sadick

Brian France (LTI)

Bryan Sambrook

Chara Meidani (IL)

Charles Clarke (LTI)

Chelsea Merrill

Colin Walsh

Dan Byrnes (LTI)

Dave Stevens

Dillon Power (LTI)

Emily Smith

Frank Nardone

Fred the New Guy

Jakub Synowiec

James Murphy

James Novak

Jessie Zweigenthal

Joe the Alien (IN)

Joshua Burt (LTI)

Joshua Jameson

Laura jahnel

Linda Martin

Luke Prescott

Matt Bessler

Millie Elliott

Paige Snyder

Paul Carnivale

Paul Macfarlane

Rebecca Congi

Sam Colebourn

Scott Shipley

Sean Warner

Steven Vickers

Steven Zgaljic

Sydney Murauskas

Thomas O'Neill

Tommy Kneeland

Tony Mercadante

Zach Hartman

BLUE TEAM
Ship Captains:

Graham Macbeth

Brandon Badgett

Alec Haring (IL)

Victoria Campbell (IL)


Crew Members:

Abby Rivera

Aleksandr Molchagin

Alvaro Gil

Anthony Crisafulli (LTI)

Bich Dudla

Bob Strubel

Brandon Thivierge

Bucky the Horse (IN)

Cameron Lynch

Casey Snow

Chris Pence

Christopher Nyberg

Dan Bedian

Dani Milliken

Darrin Jahnel

Debbie Schermerhorn (LTI)

Dom Favata

Eva Trimboli

Gabe Colon (LTI)

Glenn Easton (LTI)

Greg Westover

Harsha Bindana

Ian Ballard

Jacob Hand (LTI)

James Heffernan (IL)

Janelle Olsen

Jesse Lucier

John Healey (LTI)

John Higgins

Jon Keller

Jory Hutchins

Joshua Cantor-Stone

Justin Gillespie

Kari Skinner

Marc Matsen

Matt Anderson

Michael Shirk

Michael Young (LTI)

Mike Hamilton

Morgan Canion (IL)

Nick Brown

Nick Sprague (IL)

Peter Hodges

Ryan Greenman (LTI)

Sean Mullen

Steve Nguyen



LTI = Logic Technologies

IL = InfoLink

IN = Inflatable

team competition
RED TEAM
38.5
3

1

6

0

5

1.5

0

3

0

0

2


 


3

1

5

2

0

0

0

3

3

------------------------

38.5

EVENT
 

HQ Attendance (3)

AI Survey Completion (1)

Subjective Points (up to 6)

Black Midnight (3)

Catan (5)

Speed Chess (1.5)

Beyblades (5)

Pool (3)

Super Smash Bros (3)

Bouncy Pong (3)

Tuesday Stairs (3)


Team Night Events


This is Zion (3)

Hard Line / White Rabbit (3)

Electric City Matrix (5)

Cypher (3)

Red Pill / Blue Pill (3)

There is No Spoon (3)

The Keymaker (3)

Deja Vu (3)

Guns, Lots of Guns (3)

------------------------

TOTAL

BLUE TEAM
31
0

0

4

3

0

0

5

0

3

3

1


 


0

2

0

1

3

3

3

0

0

------------------------

31

Pre-War Week and General Events: 
🚶🏽HQ Attendance - For the 14 business days leading up to War Week we are tracking attendance at JGHQ using the stairs app. With almost 30 people a day hitting the stairs this has been a real boost to the 10 Million Step Challenge. Plus people should be in shape for Tuesday of WW!

🤖AI Survey Completion - To help set the stage for the AI Round Table event on Thursday a questionnaire went out last week. The team with the highest completion rate come Tuesday morning gets a point

🔮Subjective Points - There 1 point bonuses available for each of five six categories that I have written down. This is NOT head to head. These things are either done or not done. 


Sunday Events: 
🕛Black Midnight - The team with the most people who complete this event takes the points. Honor system in effect. A form will be posted to sign in at midnight and a second form will be used to certify completion. 

🐑Settlers of Catan Tournament - The 9th annual Catan tournament hosted by Tony Mercadante. Fill out the interest form posted on Slack if you want to participate. Games will be played on Sunday as we queue up enough people to fill out a board. The goal is to finish Sunday but it is possible we will play the final on Monday night. 


Monday Events: 
🏋️Beast Mode Workout - After giving everyone a break last year, team points are back on the line for the team with the most people who complete Lucier's workout. This can be done at JGHQ or from home via the virtual version. The workout can be scaled to any fitness level so don't be intimidated by the fact that the strongest man at JG is running it. Give it a try. 

🍴Connections / Scavenger Lunch Day 1 - Details for this event will be posted early Monday morning

♟ Speed Chess Tournament - Ben Sadick is running a new format this year. Join #chess on Slack or hit him up for details. Finals to be held Monday night. 

🧿Beyblade Tournament - Team Room 4 will be holding qualifiers in the new Beyblade Terrordome leading up to War Week. Finals on Monday night. Wait until you see the new, four-way, swinging guillotine, Terrordome arena they have constructed for this year's event. 

🎱JG Pool Tournament - Dom Favata will be organizing the pool tournament. The sign up form is on the WW Slack channel. Preliminary matches will be held before War Week and the finals will be Monday night. 

🎮Super Smash Bros Tournament - Paul Macfarlane is running back this class JG gaming tournament. Contact him to sign up. 

🃏Bouncy Ping Pong - Sometimes the simplest games are the most exciting. Casey Snow will be running the inaugural version of this event. See her to find out when qualifiers are as well as what the hell this game is.


Tuesday Events: 
🚶🏽Stairway to Heaven - Of course stairs on Tuesday counts. Details to be posted Monday night or early Tuesday morning.

🍴Connections / Scavenger Lunch Day 2 - Details for this event will be posted early Monday morning

🥫JG Beer Can Collection Completion - As posted before War Week, there are seven openings left in the beer can collection. Full rules are on Slack. Each team will submit up to 7 cans anonymously and I pick the 7 I like best. Best of 7 wins. 

🏆Team Challenge - The head to head challenge event Tuesday evening will have the biggest impact on determining which team wins this year's contest. We have a series of Matrix themed events to help us sort out the champion. 


WAR WEEK FAQs
I have some great pics and videos. Where do I put them?

Share to #war-week-xi on Slack and if you have something really good, make sure you get it to Jet Breuer (@jetbreuer).

How do I record War Week time in Tense?

Billable project work is recorded the same as always. If you are planning on working extra billable hours, make sure you clear it with your SDM or project lead first. Similarly, learning time is recorded the same as you normally would. If a time entry is not billable or learning but still productive, you can use JG - Admin. For stuff that is nonsense (ex. video games, Beyblades, etc.), use JG  - Team Building. 


When are the hours cut offs this year?

The billable hours cutoff is Thursday at midnight. There are no honor societies or awards for overall hours this year so no cutoff is necessary for those. 


What are the awards at this year's War Week?

In an attempt to make War Week hours more about quality and less about quantity, we will not have the Centurion or Four Score Clubs this year. At closing ceremonies we will recognize: 

Black Midnight - Those who go from Sunday at 12:01 AM until noon (12 hours) with no nonsense. 

War Week MVPs - MVPs as voted by each team

Billable Hours Champs - It wouldn't be War Week without calling out the people doing the most "real" work. Grind awards for top billers. Remember, check with your SDM before putting up above average hours on your project. 


Are we allowed to have personal guests at War Week? 

We try to limit personal guests during working hours (Mon-Fri, 9:00 am to 5:00 pm) due to the number of people and activities in the office. As soon as we hit dinner time things open up and guests are welcome. Sunday is also wide open. The single best time to have a guest at HQ is Closing Ceremonies on Friday. We recap the week and then kick off a big party for those who have any energy left. 


What about client / prospect guests?  

War Week is an incredible time to show current and potential clients as well as employee prospects what we are all about so we do everything we can to accommodate such guests. If you plan to invite clients or prospects, please let Jason know so we can make the proper arrangements.


War Week Essentials:

If you are remote and traveling in, please coordinate travel plans with Dani and the HR Department. Cutoff for booking travel is 2/13. 

Most details are found in #war-week-ai on Slack. 

Contact event coordinators directly with questions and sign ups. 

See Jason with any questions you have.


LinkLinkLinkLink
FacebookInstagramLinkedInVimeoTwitterTikTokYouTube
